[ Dennis ]
Mac, you gotta see
this movie, dude.
[ Dee ]
Really? I thought
it was boring.
Boring? It's about
the end of the world, Dee.
Inconvenient Truth
is not about the end
of the world.
It is about how if we don't stop
global warming, we are going
to destroy this environment.
I think it sounds cool.
I'll check it out.
It is. It's awesome.
Dude, come on.
What the hell is that?
- What?
- Are you kidding me?
What is the big deal, Dennis?
What is the big deal?
Are you nuts?
It's like you see a movie,
and now you're crazy
about the environment.
Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe I would
actually like to do some good in
this world, make a difference.
You wanna do good?
Yes.
You can't do good.
You're not good at that.
I can do good.
No.
- I am capable of doing good.
- No, you just screw people over
for your own benefit.
You guys are gonna be so angry
when you look back
and you see...
that the world looks
at Dennis Reynolds and says,
"Dennis, you are a good person.
You are making a di"--
- Holy shit.
- What?
There's a baby
in this Dumpster.
- [ Raspberries ]
- [ Mac ]
What the hell is it doing?
We gotta call somebody.
Who?
The police? The mother?
I mean, think, Dee.
Somebody threw this baby
in the trash. We can't just
put it back into the system.
It is a terrible system.
It's a horrible system.
We live in a throwaway culture
where everyone's just lookin'
for the easy way out.
You don't wanna carry
your Big Gulp anymore?
Throw it in the street.
Don't wanna take care
of your baby?
Throw it in a Dumpster.
- [ Giggling ]
- I just can't take it.
Charlie, you're harpin' on it.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'd like to know whether or not
I share a bed with my father.
I'm tellin' you,
I am not your father.
Then take a stupid blood test.
I'm not takin'
no blood test.
It's so easy.
It's a little prick--
Look, I've had enough of this.
I'm not even gonna talk--
- What the hell is that?
- It's a baby
we found in the trash.
Well, put it back.
It doesn't belong to you.
We're not gonna
put it back.
Well, give it to the cops.
Get it outta here.
It's bad for business.
Oh, that's great, Frank.
Pass the buck. Just passin'--
Everybody passin' the buck.
You know, it's time we started
taking responsibility
for the refuse we're creating.
Oh, my God, dude. Are you
still harpin' on that stupid
global heating movie you saw?
"Global warming,"
Charlie.
Yeah. Right.
Like the earth
is magically
getting hotter.
All right, stop!
Clearly this is not the right
environment for a child.
I will take care of the Dumpster
baby until we figure out
what to do with it.
Dee, you're helping me.
What? No, I'm not.
You see what's happening here?
Do you see this?
Family values in this country
are going down the toilet, and
it's because of people like you.
Men and women raising a child
together is a proven system
a thousand years old.
There are parental roles that
need to be filled here, right?
Otherwise,
the kid winds up
roaming the streets,
having unprotected sex
with multiple partners--
[ Groans ] Mm-hmm.
sharing needles and
contracting the H.I.V. virus,
and it's all your fault.
Are you happy, Dee? Is this
what you wanted? You just gave
this baby full-blown AIDS.
What the hell
are these scrubs doing, dude?
They're activists, Charlie.
They're sifting
through the trash looking
for recyclable materials.
Recycling.
What a waste.
Frank, we are trying
to make a difference.
You see? He has no problem
not callin' me "Dad."
Uh, hey, man. Where can I get
one of those recycle bags?
Get lost, narc.
Excuse me?
What we're doing is
completely legal, so why don't
you just leave us alone?
Oh. No, I'm not a cop, man.
I just wanna help out.
[ Chuckles ] Sure you do.
I saw you pull up
in that Range Rover.
Is everything okay, Sage?
Yeah. No, everything's fine.
I was just explaining
to your friend that I--
I want to help you guys out.
Listen, bro.
I know your type:
straight-edge, mainline
weekend warrior
comin' down here...
in your cashmere sweater
with your moussed-up,
hair-sprayed coif.
This isn't just
a hobby for us.
So why don't you take
your phony, suburban,
half-assed bullshit...
someplace else?
I'll take that, hippie.
Ah!
Hey, Frank!
Frank! Fr-Frank!
[ Shrieks, Ululating ]
Ha-ha!
[ Battle Cries ]
Dude, do you believe
this thing, man? It's a--
[ Grunts, Spits ]
- Charlie, Charlie, get down--
- [ Yells ]
Dude, it's amazing!
Look at this. Bro, you can chop
a camel right in the hump...
and drink all its milk
right off the tip
of this thing, man.
That is a find, man!
That's spectacular.
This is an Ali Baba sword, dude.
Come on, you guys.
Let's get out of here.
Look, Dennis. Look at this.
I don't care about that,
all right? You guys are
makin' me look like an asshole.
I'm out here tryin'
to make a difference,
and you're over here...
rummagin' around the trash
like a couple of narcs, okay?
You can't just come down here
with your mainline, cashmere,
mousse-coif hair spray...
and start bein'
like a suburban tool.
[ Mutters ]
You can't--
Are you feeling all right?
What are you saying?
Did you even look at this?
I don't know.
I think I just got punked out
by a couple of hippies.
I gotta do somethin'
about this.
[ Door Closes ]
Goddamn,
this Dumpster baby's heavy.
No, no, it's good for your back.
All right.
So we got the diapers
and the wipes and the powder.
Shit, this raisin' babies
is easy, huh?
Huh?
I think, first things first,
the baby smells like trash,
right? Throw it in the bath.
[ Crying ]
Already with this?
I didn't do it.
I come home to a crying baby?
I didn't do anything.
No, I didn't do anything.
It's okay.
Jesus Christ.
You know what? I'm just
gonna kick back, grab a beer
and watch the Sixers, all right?
You're not gonna help?
You wanted me
to do this with you.
Would it kill you to go
shopping once in a while?
We're outta beer.
Oh, we are? No, we're not
out of anything, Mac, 'cause
you don't live here.
Wait--
One left. Nice.
- [ Quietly ] Great.
- Hey, if we're gonna raise
this baby together,
I think it's important
we at least try
to make it work, so...
when you're done with the bath,
why don't you go out
and get some beer,
and, um, a pack of smokes
would be good.
We're not gonna raise anything
together. I said I would help
hang on to this Dumpster baby...
for a couple of days until
we figure what to do with it.
Really?
Yes.
You're gonna raise your voice
to me right now?
- I'm not raising my voice.
- Well, I'm tryin' to have
a rational conversation.
I feel like you're berating me
for absolutely no reason.
So you know what?
What?
For the sake of the baby,
we need some space. I'm gonna go
with the guys, blow off steam.
What? You're just gonna dump
this thing on me and leave?
You gonna guilt me into staying?
Okay, I guess I have to stay--
for the sake of Dumpster Baby.
But I will tell you what.
I'm not gonna stand here
and be berated.
I'm going to bed.
[ Whispering ]
My God, I can't--
Charlie,
would you just
please lay there
and go to sleep?
I can't sleep, dude.
It's impossible. My mind's
goin', like, a mile a minute.
Well, stop thinkin' about it.
I'm not your father.
Now go to sleep.
No.
Dude, it's not that.
I'm thinkin' about something
completely different.
It's the trash, isn't it?
It's the sweet,
sweet trash.
I mean, man, we found
some amazing shit
out there today.
The kind of shit
I didn't think you could find
in the trash, you know?
And, uh, I'm just
goin' nuts thinkin' about
what else is out there.
Frank, there's ordinary guys
just like you and me goin'
through everyone else's trash.
They don't appreciate it.
Ah, people don't appreciate
their trash, Frank.
Let's go get the flashlights.
So I scale this tree. I mean,
this is a big tree too, right?
I get to the top of it.
I find the nest. This is--
This is baby bluebirds.
They're starving to death.
So I regurgitate my lunch,
and I nourish the entire flock--
Wow.
like--
Well, well, well.
Check it out, babe.
The narc is back.
Mmm.
Hey, uh, Sage,
I thought about what you said,
and I think you were right, man.
I was half-assing it.
But I'm not gonna
half-ass it anymore.
I'm gonna devote myself
completely to the cause.
Look, bro. Just 'cause...
you come in here
with your Birkenstocks
and your Phish T-shirt...
doesn't mean
you're devoted.
[ Scoffs ]
Means you're a total poser.
Wow. Um--
Well, you know what, man?
Uh, I'm just gonna
go then, I guess.
You know,
I'll take my Birkenstocks
and my Phish T-shirt and my...
kind bud with me.
What?
[ Girl ]
Did you just say
you had kind bud?
Kind bu-- Yeah.
I mean, you know,
I just have, like,
this much.
Hey, and look at this.
It's a little ray gun, like.
Oh, that's nice, man.
Look at this thing
right here, dude.
Put this in a plastic bag
and, boom, shower radio, buddy.
Oh, yeah. Oh, baby.
Unbelievable.
We're on a roll.
Here's--
Look at this.
We wrap stuff in this. Look.
We can wrap it all up.
[ Crashes ]
All right.
Electrics. Electrics!
[ Crashes ]
Whoa!
A sneaker.
What size?
Fourteen.
[ Laughs ]
Throw it in the pile, baby.
[ Crashes ]
Crash in the pile.
Ah, Charlie, isn't this great?
We go right to the source!
Forget about the dump.
Yeah. Screw the dump, man.
It's right in your backyard,
dude.
Yeah. This is it.
What's that? What's that?
What's that?
It's another coat, man.
Ooh, can I have it?
No.
Well, you
already got one.
Frank, use your head.
This is the coat that's gonna
protect my other coat.
Come on, man.
Oh, when you're right,
you're right. Look at that.
Yeah, baby. You'll find one.
If you keep diggin',
you're gonna find one of these.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, you gotta
be kiddin' me.
Huh? Oh, hello.
Look who it is, huh?
The girl who ruined my life
by fallin' in love
with my best friend...
and havin' sex
with this guy right here.
How you doin'?
Gross.
And "gross" to you.
And you know what?
I don't know what you're doing.
I don't want to know.
Go and do it in somebody else's
Dumpster, okay?
Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on a second.
What do you got in those?
Coffee cups
and food scraps.
Yeah, we'll take 'em.
Hand 'em over.
I don't know
why it's cranky, okay?
Well, maybe he's hungry.
Your thoughts on nursing it?
I haven't slept in three days.
I don't have thoughts anymore.
You know, raising a child
is not nearly as fun
as I thought it'd be.
Well, what if we put it
back where we found it?
Oh, my God, that is the cutest
little baby I've ever seen.
What's his name?
Uh, his name is--
It's--
D.... B.
D.B.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, he could be a Gerber Baby.
He could be in commercials.
I have an idea.
I'm three steps ahead of ya.
We need to make
Dumpster Baby a star.
Exactly.
This is exactly
what I'm talkin' about.
We can't put it back
into a corrupt system.
No.
We have an opportunity
to give it a real future here.
Yes, by making it a star.
And who have better lives
than child stars?
Nobody.
Nobody. Rich, famous--
They have it all.
The happiest people on earth.
D.B., my main man,
you got tossed
into the right Dumpster.
Brenda, I'm not gonna waste
any more of your time
than I have to.
We've got meetings
with agents all over town.
Can you make D.B. a star?
Well, I'm sorry to say,
but in today's commercial world,
there's just no room
for another white baby actor.
There's an influx already.
- White babies don't sell.
- White babies just aren't
selling right now.
Question:
Who is selling,
Brenda?
Well, the Latino market
is the fastest growing
demographic in the country.
Great. So Mexicans
are selling.
Oh, well, D.B. can play Mexican.
Yeah. D.B.
could definitely
be a Mexican.
We get him some pistols.
He fires 'em off like crazy.
He does--
Do the jumpin' thing. He does
the Mexican Jumpin' Bean.
Watch this.
- Ayayay!
- ♪♪ [ Scatting Mariachi Song ]
We get him
a little thing with chips.
He could sell chips.
And he can dip the chips
into the nacho cheese.
It's perfect.
It's hilarious.
For all we know,
he is Mexican.
'Cause here's the thing.
Tell 'em the thing.
Oh, we've got-- Ooh, I--
Look. I can't really get
into the specifics
of the whole thing,
but we've got no idea
who D.B.'s dad is.
We don't know who the dad is.
- It isn't me.
- I'm sorry, but your son
just does not look Latino.
Oh. Well, I mean, that's
a bit of a disappointment.
That makes me sad.
Yeah, because we're
truly tryin' to give him
a... future.
Is there anything
that we can do?
Well, not unless you can change
the color of this baby's skin.
Let me get this straight.
You want to put your baby
into a tanning bed.
That's correct.
I'm sorry.
That's against the law.
Look, pal, we are well aware
of the law, okay? And we
don't wanna jam you up here.
We just wanna put him in there
for a couple of minutes.
Just to get a base.
We'll sign whatever waivers.
Cook him a couple of minutes,
and we'll be out of your hair.
I am feeling compelled
to call the authorities.
Oh, are you?
Well, then why don't we take
our business elsewhere?
I sense some judgment
in your voice, sir,
and I don't appreciate it.
You could have helped change
this child's life forever.
You chose not to.
[ Whispers ]
That's on you.
I can live with that.
Come on, D.B. I guess
the road to stardom...
is paved with hard knocks
and orange assholes.
[ Protestors Chanting ]
♪ Trees are people too
Save this tree ♪
♪♪ [ Chanting Continues ]
These developer pigs
are gonna tear down this tree.
So tonight we will hold
a candlelight vigil in protest.
Hey, Sage, Asriel,
can we commune for a moment?
Yeah. What's up?
Well, listen. I don't
want to be putting out
any negative vibrations...
or anything like that,
but I think we're going
about this the wrong way.
Thanks, but, uh, we got it.
Okay, why don't
we hear him out, Sage?
Thanks, Asriel. Well, listen.
While I think lighting
a couple of candles...
and singin' a few sweet jams
sounds like a really good time,
it's not gonna stop
a bulldozer.
Somebody needs
to step up and be
a hero here.
So I'm thinkin',
I would chain myself
to that tree,
and that way, if they
wanna kill that tree,
they gotta kill me first.
That is so brave
of you, Dennis.
Is it?
Wait.
If anyone is gonna chain
themselves to anything,
it's gonna be me.
But it was Dennis's idea.
No, wait, Asriel.
He's right.
Maybe it should be him.
Right. I'm the one
in charge here.
Right. You're the one
in charge.
Right.
Mountain,
go get some chains.
No, wait.
Hold off on that,
Mountain.
I brought some.
Charlie, we gotta stop.
We gotta stop.
No. Two more stops, Frank.
Let's keep it moving.
Let's drop it off
at base camp.
No. No base camp.
No, it's fallin'.
We gotta keep movin', Frank.
March!
Ho! Do not lose that.
Do not lose that.
It's just a bottle.
All right,
I think we gotta stop.
We gotta stop at the apartment.
No, dude.
There's no time for that, man!
We gotta drop some stuff off.
All right, fine.
We'll make it quick.
All right.
- [ Clattering ]
- Charlie, maybe we should
get rid of some of this shit.
What?
[ Mutters ]
Yeah. I mean--
What'd you say,
get rid of it?
Yeah.
Frank,
look at this. Huh?
Yeah.
This-- This--
Look at that, bro!
Yeah. Yeah.
This here's our future, man.
People are just throwin'
this away. Get rid of it, dude?
Frank, we start gettin' rid
of this, we're gonna be
just like the wasters out there.
Look-- Hey, guess what.
Somebody else is gonna find it.
Ah, you're right,
you're right,
you're right.
Well, where are we gonna sleep?
[ Sirens Wailing In Distance ]
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
You sure you still
wanna do this?
Mountain,
this is what it's all about:
me and my girl
side-by-side,
savin' a life,
bringin' in the dawn together.
I mean, come on!
Looks like
it's gonna rain.
It does look like
Have you seen Asriel?
No.
Wonder where she is.
[ Thunderclap ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riders on the storm ♪
Tonight we cross
the plane of reality--
♪♪ [ Continues ]
into the dimension
of no place or time.
Open your mouth.
Become the journey.
♪ Like a dog without a bone ♪
What are we doin', man?
It's pourin' rain out here!
We're actin' like animals.
But we gotta stick together,
Frank, if we're gonna make it.
Yeah, let's stick together.
All right.
Let's use our heads.
What are we gonna do?
We gotta get outta this rain.
Yeah.
Where are we gonna go?
We could get
in that Dumpster.
I'm not above that.
Let's go.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Screaming, Drawn Out ]
Asriel!
Where are you?
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Both Moan ]
[ Moaning Continues ]
- Can you give me a bite
of that, dude?
- Mmm. Yeah.
I'm starvin',
you know.
Charlie, I'm really sorry
that I banged your girlfriend.
Ah, bro,
you gotta stop talkin'
about that, dude.
I'm also sorry
that I didn't get
the blood test.
But I know--
I'm a hundred percent positive--
that I am not your dad.
Dude, how can you be
a hundred percent positive,
dude? How do you know?
[ Sighs ]
Your mother and I were gonna
keep this a secret, but...
after we made love,
she did get pregnant,
but she had
an abortion.
Really?
[ Sighing ]
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Are you sure she went through
with it, dude? 'Cause maybe
she didn't tell you.
I mean, she probably went right
from the clinic and banged
some guy and got knocked up,
because your mother
was a giant whore.
Ah, you know what, dude?
I don't believe you, Frank,
all right?
It's hard to take.
Just-- Oh, my God.
You're a liar, man.
♪ Girl, you gotta
love your man ♪
Where are you goin',
Charlie?
To find out the truth!
Charlie!
♪ Make him understand ♪
♪ Yeah ♪♪
[ Sobs ]
Frank doesn't know
the truth.
I knew it.
All right. You didn't
have an abortion, you just
told him you did. I get that.
No.
I had an abortion.
It just didn't take.
Wha-- [ Scoffs ]
What does that mean?
It means, you survived it.
You survived the abortion.
What the hell are you
talking about, Mom?
W-We went
to one of those clinics-- one
of those underground clinics,
because Frank didn't want
to spend a lot of money--
Yeah.
and I had the procedure,
and then they told me
you were dead--
Okay.
and then three months later,
you popped out, happy as a clam!
[ Chuckles ]
Sweetie, I had
to keep it a secret
from Frank.
I never wanted the abortion
in the first place.
But he was married,
and I knew, if he found out,
he would have forced me...
to get rid of you
once and for all.
[ Mutters ]
He would have made me
throw you in a Dumpster.
[ Thunderclap ]
[ Slowly ]
Oh, my... God.
[ Thunderclap ]
[ Mac ] Nope. His skin
needs to be darker, Dee.
Yeah, I know.
We're just gonna paint
this bronzing lotion on him.
Shoe polish.
Shoe polish?
Shoe polish on a baby?
You're such an idiot.
That's gonna look stupid
and smell like shit.
We'll see.
Where's D.B.?
My door's open!
Did he get kidnapped?
Somebody came in
and took him?
There's a note.
There's a note!
[ Dee ] "'Taked' baby.
Meet at later bar,
night or day sometime."
[ Together ]
Charlie.
Feast your eyes on this!
Oh, my God, Charlie.
Where did you get a baby?
I think you know good and well
where I got this baby,
now don't you?
What the hell
are you talking about?
I'm talkin'
about you and Frank...
throwin' your love child
here in the Dumpster
behind Paddy's Pub!
What, did you think
I wouldn't find out?
Well, I did. Yeah. Yeah!
What you might not know,
though, is that this
little baby of yours...
also happens to be
my half brother.
Charlie, the incident with Frank
happened three months ago.
It takes nine months to make
a baby, so you can just give me
the baby and stop screaming.
You know,
there was a time where
I would've helped you...
raise this little
Dumpster baby brother
of mine like a son.
But that's gone now,
'cause you ruined it!
You threw your babies away!
And you threw your swords away!
You threw your golf clubs
and your tasty treats!
And you know what? I found them.
And I'm gonna raise all of 'em!
Get me the number
for Child Services.
Hey, Sage, buddy.
How are you, man?
How are you feelin'?
Guh, I-- I did it.
I-I saved the tree.
You sure did, man. You saved
that tree. Wow. I gotta say,
man, I'm really impressed.
I don't think
I could've done
what you did here today.
Guh, I'm a hero.
You are.
You're a hero.
Yep. Guh--
Come here. Come here.
Come with me.
Man, it is a good day
to be alive. It's a good day
to be alive, isn't it?
Okay, guys.
She's all yours.
You might wanna see this.
[ Horn Honks ]
[ Crashing, Splintering ]
I banged
your girlfriend.
What time did he say?
Uh, "later bar,
night or day sometime."
What does that mean?
I don't know.
- Hey, any of you guys seen that
Ali Baba sword Charlie had?
- What?
The little shit dumped me
in a Dumpster last night,
and I'm takin' all his stuff.
It's every man for himself.
I gotta find
that Ali Baba sword.
Pour me a shot there, Dee.
I am the man.
Why are you so chipper?
Well, I got punked out
by this peace activist.
So what I did is, I infiltrated
his organization, I banged
his girlfriend, and then I--
- Hey, Frank! You recognize
this young man right here?
- Interrupt me. All right.
Or should I say, "Hey, Dad"?
Yeah. That's right, everybody.
Who would like to hear
a mind-blowing story?
Nobody. Give us back our baby
so we can paint it.
Oh, you're gonna paint it, huh?
Well, be careful painting it,
'cause you'll be painting
my brother.
But I guess
you already knew that,
didn't you, Dad?
What the hell
are you talkin' about,
Charlie?
I'm talkin' about you
and the waitress dumpin'
your baby in a Dumpster!
And the abortion that you
tried to make my mom have?
Well, guess what, Frankie.
It didn't take.
I'm an abortion survivor, Dad!
I survived the abortion, Dad!
Charlie! First of all,
it takes nine months
to have a baby.
That is not my baby.
Second of all, your mother
is feedin' you a line of crap!
Holy shit. You guys
kept the Ali Baba sword?
Gimme the sword!
That's the sword I want.
Back off, man.
[ Others Arguing,
Chattering ]
- [ Charlie ]
It's my sword anyway!
- Stop grabbin' it!
- [ Arguing, Chattering
Continue ]
- [ Charlie: Drawn-Out Yell ]
[ Yell Continues, Stops ]
[ Crying ]
[ Voices Speaking Backwards ]